Validation: fix missing descriptions #3 (#1435)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/activate-function-wpf-unmanaged-api-reference.md

---
title: "Activate Function - WPF unmanaged API reference"

> description: Learn about the Activate function of the Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) unmanaged API reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the Activate method of the Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) unmanaged API reference.
```
